---
layout: default
title: Microsoft 365
parent: Migration Project Guides
nav_order: 1
has_children: true
has_toc: false

---

## Microsoft 365 Destination Guides
{: .no_toc }

Getting ready to Migrate? Find the guide for your source and destination. 

<a name="top"></a>
<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

---

## Things to Consider

### Purchasing Licenses for Microsoft 365

Under Step 5 in CloudM Migrate an option to scan the source can be leveraged to help determine the exact numbers of licenses needed for M365. It's recommended to purchase licenses and provision OneDrive, SharePoint and Archive Mailboxes before migrating. 

### Setting the Domain on the Microsoft 365 Tenant

For Google to O365 use the target vanity domain when configuring your destination name regardless if it's different from source or not. 

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/setup/add-domain?view=o365-worldwide">Add a domain to Microsoft 365</a>

### Create Users in Microsoft 365

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/admin/add-users/add-users?view=o365-worldwide">Add users and assign licenses at the same time</a>

### Provision OneDrive

<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/onedrive/pre-provision-accounts">Pre-provision OneDrive for users in your organization</a>

### Provision Microsoft 365 Archives  
 
<a href="https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-365/compliance/enable-archive-mailboxes?view=o365-worldwide">Enable archive mailboxes for Microsoft 365</a>

---

## Scanning the Source Environment Endpoint

Environment Scan allows you to plan and prepare your migration by performing analysis of your source file and mail environment. This will return important information such as item counts, data volume, permissions, and folder depth. This can be performed after a connectivty test passes for the source under Step 5 in the CloudM Migrate project.

The reports produced can be exported and analysed to address any potential issues before any migration begins.

> **NOTE** - To run an environment scan, you will first need to have purchased a CloudM Migrate license, issued for the correct destination domain.

---

## EWS Throttling 
[Back to Top](#top)

CloudM Migrate uses the EWS protocol to migrate data. Microsoft has implemented <a href="
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/exchange/client-developer/exchange-web-services/ews-throttling-in-exchange">throttling</a> that is tenant based and it can have effects on transfer rates. 

It's possible to temporarily ease throttling for the destination tenant. 

1. Sign in to Microsoft 365 Admin Center
2. Click on the Help icon in the top corner of the screen.
3. Search for EWS Throttling and select the Increase EWS Throttling Policy article that is suggested.
4. In the Run diagnostics section that is displayed, select Run Tests.
5. If the diagnostic returns with a The Exchange Web Services are throttled message, you have the option to ease the policy temporarily. 
  * Choose the Duration (Days) that you want to relax the policy for from the drop down menu. You can choose between 20, 60 and 90 days.
  * Place a tick in the checkbox to acknowledge that want to make the specified changes.
  * Select Update Settings to apply the changes to the policy.

Changes can take up to 30 minutes to take effect.

After easing the throttling generally you can migrate up to 200 threads to a single tenant before throttling reengages. 

---

## Impact to Users
[Back to Top](#top)

### Options for Communications to Users

Migrations have business impact but good communication with your user base can minimize the impact. 

CloudM Migrate can send an email to the users when their migration is completed but you'll want to prepare your user base before your migration cutover. 

We also recommend preparing your support team for questions on new mail clients and where their data is located after cutover. 

---

## Planning your DNS Cutover
[Back to Top](#top)

### DNS Record TTL Preparation
Lower the TTL value for all mail related DNS records such as MX and SPF. 

- MX - Mail Routing
- SPF - Source IP of mailserver domain that's used to prevent domain spoofing. 

---

## Migrate Reporting and Statistics 
[Back to Top](#top)

If you need a summary record of the migration after completion a select the link **Download Migration Summary Report** at the top of the Project page. 

For a report by datatype with the total number of completed and failed items can be found under the **Download Project Level Report** link. 



