---
layout: default
title: Version 3.35
nav_order: 8
has_children: false
parent: Release Notes

---

### 3.35 Release Notes (23rd February 2022)

| Enhancement | Description | Platform | Links |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Microsoft Teams Private Chats | You can migrate Private Chats from Microsoft Teams to Mail. Individual messages will be migrated (and displayed) as an email, with conversations stored in folders (named using the names of the users involved in the Private Chat). | Microsoft | Migrating Microsoft Teams Private Chats | 
Microsoft Teams Planner Content | You can migrate Microsoft Teams planner content into existing Microsoft Teams in the destination domain. | Microsoft | Migrating Microsoft Teams Planner |


* Improvement: User migration logging updated to include more detail.
* Improvement: Chat date range added to config options when source is Google and ‘Migrate Chat History’ is enabled.
* Improvement: Google users that are out of quota now fail rather than continue.
* Improvement: Upgraded from .NET 4.7.2 to 4.8.
* Improvement: Upgraded to SQL 2019.
* Improvement: Google Vault migration logging improved. 
* Improvement: ‘Export User List’ option added to web application to aid with File System migrations.
* Improvement: Migration Readiness Tests now flag date ranges for File, Email, Chat and Appointments.
* Improvement: A Migration Phase type can be assigned to each migration so that you know specify if the migration is for a Bulk, Delta, Test or Troubleshooting migration.

* Fix: Fixed an issue with existing members and group owners when migrating Microsoft 365 groups. 
* Fix: Fixed ‘unknown server error’ when scheduling a migration from projects page.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with removing the default organiser for Google Shared Drive.
* Fix: Fixed display issue with Archived migrations always showing status as ‘Completed’.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with editing migration items list.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with duplicate folders when migrating from Microsoft Teams to Google Drive.
* Fix: Fixed a number of permissions issues when migrating from Google to Office 365.
* Fix: Fixed issue with excluding MIME type when migrating from Google. 
* Fix: Removed Google Sites from migration item list to destination Office 365 as this is currently unsupported. 
* Fix: Fixed an issue with migrating external users as Google Shared Drive members. 
* Fix: Fixed an issue with Sharepoint Team Sites failing to migrate.
* Fix: Fixed ‘site can’t be reached’ error when downloading the Environment Scan report. 
* Fix: Fixed an issue with user migrations failing when migration is stopped and restarted.
* Fix: Fixed a clear migration history issue for individual users.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with Office 365 connection test hanging after projects are purged. 
* Fix: Fixed an issue migrating owned folders to Google Drive and OneDrive.
* Fix: Fixed issue with MigrationWorker.exe crashing during Google Chat export. 
* Fix: Fixed issue where orphaned folders were being migrated when ‘migrate orphaned folders’ setting was disabled.
* Fix: Fixed ‘could not be resolved from domain’ error when using custom SharePoint AdminUrl.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with external permissions not being set during a Google to Google migrations.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with unexpected labels being created in Google Contacts.


