--- 

layout: default
title: Version 3.39
nav_order: 1
has_children: false
parent: Release Notes

---

## 3.39 Release Notes (February 1st 2023)

| Enhancement | Description | Platform | Links |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Include Document Metadata for M365 to M365 migrations | CloudM Migrate now supports migrating custom document metadata in M365 to M365 migrations. With this new ‘‘Include Document Metadata’ feature enabled (within the Microsoft Office 365 destination Advanced Settings, Sharepoint online section) Migrate will export the following custom metadata; Single line text, Multi line text, Number, Yes/No and DateTime. | Microsoft | <a href="https://docs.cloudm.io/Engineering-Reference/M365DestinationAO.html#docmeta">Microsoft 365 - Document Metadata</a> | 
Re-enabled ‘Rehydrate Private Chats’ feature for M365 to M365 migrations | This feature has been enabled to allow for the last 10 messages in private chats to be migrated directly into the destination Teams client.| Microsoft | <a href="https://docs.cloudm.io/Engineering-Reference/M365DestinationAO.html#rehydpichat">Migrating Microsoft Teams Private Chats</a>
|In order to support this, the ‘Use EWS API for Teams Private Chats’ option has been removed. Private chats can now only be migrated using the Microsoft Graph API.



* Improvement: Teams Private Chat Messages test added to connection tests when ‘Rehydrate Private Chats’ option is enabled.
* Improvement: Title and Description columns have been added to default SharePoint and OneDrive document metadata migrations.
* Improvement: Improved status messaging during Google Drive migrations.
* Improvement: ‘Exclude Explicit Domain Permissions’ option added to Google Drive migrations. This option takes in a list of domains that will be removed from item permissions during export. 
* Improvement: ‘Migrate Deleted Items To Litigation Hold’ option added to Advanced Settings for Google migrations. When enabled, purged emails will be migrated to the Purges folder in Litigation Hold.
* Improvement: Orphaned files are now migrated to a new ‘Orphaned Documents’ folder for Microsoft 365, Google Cloud Storage and Azure Cloud Storage migrations.
* Improvement: Google Workspace failed emails no longer fail migrations and are instead listed as failed migration items.
* Improvement: Duplicate Document Sharing/Permissions option has been removed from the Office 365 Destination Advanced Settings.
* Improvement: Improved tooltips across a number migration options.
* Improvement: Items can now be migrated to a specific Microsoft Team.
* Improvement: Removed a number of UI options that are no longer supported. These include ‘Startup Delay’ for Lotus Notes migrations, ‘Incoming Shared Folders’ for Groupwise migrations and ‘Shared Folders’ for Scalix migrations.

* Fix: Fixed an issue with folders not migrating correctly when the ‘Migrate Top Level Folders’ setting was disabled.
* Fix: Fixed ‘Object reference not set to an instance of an object’ error that occurred in rare circumstances when running a Google archive.
* Fix: Fixed error ‘Unable to cast object of type 'ImportGroup' to type 'ImportUser'’ when migrating SharePoint groups.
* Fix: Fixed error ‘Detected duplicated users with different login names in UserGroup.xml’ that occurred when SharePoint users had conflicting permissions.
* Fix: Fixed error ‘Uploaded message hash does not match, this item has failed to upload’ when archiving Google Vault.
* Fix: Fixed error ‘Invalid or missing password: password does not exist in the directory for this user’ encountered in some circumstances when performing a Microsoft 365 to Google migration.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with files with size 0kb not being included in a managed archive.
* Fix: Fixed an issue where the Folder Import Failure count was not being added to Project Level Report CSV files.
* Fix: Fixed an issue that allowed duplicate entries to be added to Address Replacements.
* Fix: Fixed an issue with dates not being displayed using the correct localization.
* Fix: Fixed an issue where, in the event that a parent folder cannot be found, child items are being migrated to the folder root instead of respecting the Top Level Folder and Destination Folder settings.
